Over the last lectures we started with the basics of chess and how we can output data and react to changes
and all.
Well listen to events.
There are two other common use cases which I want to cover right now.
Lists and conditional output.
What do I mean with that.
Let's start with the conditional output.
It's a common test that you got some parts in your page.
What you don't want to display all the times for example a warning message if the user enters a wrong
value or something like that.
In this case you don't want to display the warning message all the time but only if wrong input was
entered.
Here in this case we could say that we want to display a number paragraph below to name where we say
name updated.
But of course only if we did click Change name before.
Now to make sure that this is only shown once he did change the name I'll use a number directive command.
Mujeres understands the if.
Now as the name suggests this allows us to conditionally show or not show this part of the damn year.
So between the quotation marks and the value we assigned to we if we defined a condition and here we
can write some basic javascript code or we could call a method which returns true or false.
Whatever we do.
The only important thing is what ever we write between these quotation marks has to return true or false.
In the end.
So what we can do here for example is we can check if name equals and then as a string with single quotation
marks max which would be our starting value.
If that's the case we know that the name hasn't been changed yet.
So in this case and that's just a ternary expression here because we can't write the if statement in
there.
But if this is the case all return false I relies on return true because I only want to display name
updated if the name is not Max.
If it doesn't we had Enter world and we still see Max but if I click Change name we see name updated
too.
And this is how we can use a conditional statement or how we can use the if to conditionally attach
or detach elements to or from the dawn.
And that's important if we inspect.
Does name updated part here and I'll quickly reload the page with control enter.
So if we inspect let's say Max we see that here we get the paragraph below we get the button and then
we get this marker in between.
But we don't see this name updated.
Partir this paragraph is not visible because that's important.
View Chase doesn't make it transparent or anything like dead.
It's just not added to the DOM.
As soon if I click Change name now you see it was inserted their name updated.
So the if really adds elements to the dom or if we were to somehow get this condition back to false
remove them from it.
And that of course is very important to know and to keep in mind and a really great feature of ukase.